test_equal - input: 1 expected: 1 received: 1 Result: Pass
test_equal - input: 2 expected: 2 received: 2 Result: Pass
test_equal - input: 3 expected: 3 received: 3 Result: Pass
test_equal - input: 4 expected: 4 received: 4 Result: Pass
test_equal - input: 5 expected: 5 received: 5 Result: Pass
test_equal - input: 6 expected: 6 received: 6 Result: Pass
test_equal - input: 8 expected: 8 received: 8 Result: Pass
test_equal - input: 7 expected: 7 received: 7 Result: Pass
test_equal - input: 10 expected: 10 received: 10 Result: Pass
test_equal - input: 9 expected: 9 received: 9 Result: Pass
test_equal - input: 1 expected: 1 received: 1 Result: Pass
test_equal - input: 2 expected: 2 received: 2 Result: Pass
test_equal - input: 4 expected: 4 received: 4 Result: Pass
test_equal - input: 5 expected: 5 received: 5 Result: Pass
test_equal - input: 6 expected: 6 received: 6 Result: Pass
test_equal - input: 7 expected: 7 received: 7 Result: Pass
test_equal - input: 9 expected: 9 received: 9 Result: Pass
test_equal - input: 8 expected: 8 received: 8 Result: Pass
test_equal - input: 10 expected: 10 received: 10 Result: Pass
test_equal - input: 1 expected: 1 received: 1 Result: Pass
test_equal - input: 3 expected: 3 received: 3 Result: Pass
test_equal - input: 2 expected: 2 received: 2 Result: Pass
test_equal - input: 4 expected: 4 received: 4 Result: Pass
test_equal - input: 5 expected: 5 received: 5 Result: Pass
test_equal - input: 6 expected: 6 received: 6 Result: Pass
test_equal - input: 7 expected: 7 received: 7 Result: Pass
test_equal - input: 8 expected: 8 received: 8 Result: Pass
test_equal - input: 9 expected: 9 received: 9 Result: Pass
test_equal - input: 10 expected: 10 received: 10 Result: Pass

Total: 29